The Joe Rogan experience. John Jones versus Francis and Ghana.
Why'd you have to go there, dude. What that's gonna happen for sure.
The only thing,
the only thing that I would hope if that ever happens is that we allow in
Ghana to get the press that he deserves. Like,
like to pump him up in a way that he deserves to make that fight.
You Don think gets it. People are terrified of that, man.
They are hardcore fans and hardcore fighters.
Like everybody who's in the know and everybody in the heavyweight division has,
but he's not like a superstar. He's not a worldwide.
It's it's too tough to get superstar status. You gotta do some.
The thing is if he had beat Derek Lewis fight up. Yes. Yeah. That was a hard,
the Steve bay fight him up too. If he had beaten Steve bay, that would helped,
he would, he could be a national hero. He'd be a huge,
he would be a huge success story. Well, first of all, in his country, for sure,
for sure. Well, he's still a hero there, no matter well, for sure he is,
but I mean, in this country he would be a hero of like,
like the scariest guy in the world was an immigrant that barely spoke English a
little while ago.
And now he's me people and he's only been fighting for six years. True.
And he developed his strength by the way, in a sand mind when he was a child,
Jesus doing child labor. It's insane. Africa. What the man? Oh, any of,
be a really nice guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy.
He's from camera room and he's funny. He's like smiley, funny, happy.
Guy's great. He hits people and they go into orbit.
They go into orbit they're so, you know, what's crazy. You know, what's crazy.
I think John beats still beats them. Dude. What a fight that would be, he does.
Right? What a fight that would be. I think John would be the favorite.
Does John beats DPE, if you had gone to your head,
I think John beats everybody there.
There's not a man on this plant who beats John ju wow. We never seen John. Well,
he doesn't have to lose weight. We never seen John where, you know,
he's not cutting 25 pounds and just think how good he'd be watching his diet.
What if he's eating healthy, like good,
large portions and just hydrating as much as he wants all day long,
maybe he's 10% better. You know, we don't know.
Maybe John Jones is really the best 240 pound heavyweight in the world.
He's just been fighting. He walk at two. No, but he could get easily.
He's two 30 east. Right. And if he decided that look, his,
he comes from one of the best camps in the world, right.
If Javi Vasquez and crazy Bob cook get together and they,
they come together with like a, a physical plan, you know,
for like CA Velasquez. Right? If they're gonna, if they're gonna look at like,
what's the best weight for a guy like CA they're, they're probably gonna say,
you know, you don't have to lose any weight,
like 2 42 40 is the perfect heavy seems to like, yeah. Yeah. Jackson win John.
They're gonna do the same thing. A hundred percent.
They're they're one of the best camps in the world.
John Jones was raised in one of you look at the success,
just go down the line from Carlos con like even Yoel Romero went down to
Jackson. Winkel John. He was training John they're. It's gonna be like,
like AKA or like Rufus, or like any of the top camp they're gonna go.
Where do you think he's going? That they go, where he be at here? He said,
he's going. I know, but they're gonna, they're gonna figure out a wait for him.
The, about what is is even 2 35, you said Israel,
Sunday is way bigger than you thought.
Way bigger. And he's, and he's definitely a better striker. I would imagine.
I don't know about MMA, but he's, that would be an interesting fight.
He's just too small. I think isn't he? Isn't he too.
Thin? Well, he's a solid 30 pounds lighter.
I think walking around the John is that's it very, but that's,
that's why he's not, he doesn't wanna fight him. Now. He wants to get older.
Israel can gain weight. Israel can, you know,
if he decides like Canello Avarez when he went off to fight Cove, right? Again,
same kind of thing. Canello Avarez is a world class camp.
They figure out how to do this. They might is a little,
I was gonna say supplementary. There.
Might. There's definitely might be. I'm just there's there might be.
But that's stopping argument. It's not true. It's not that outlandish.
It's not that outlandish. If when you see him, you're like she,
if he can put on the weight and physically get up to a certain weight,
cause his skillset, his, his, his pure, his striking is better as John. Yeah.
Well he's legit world class, world, class, legit, world class, legit,
legit world class. He lost in the title fight to James wilderness.
And I thought he won. It was is, is a very close fight.
The way he did Robert Whitaker. Yeah. And he looks like he Whitaker on five.
He's a beast man. Six, four. But, but the thing about him and that whole gym,
they won, um, uh, Jim Kovski. Yeah.
VUL Kovski hook just became a world champion.
Dan who bounced back from the Barb. Boza fight looking like an, an looking,
they fight your boy, uh, Feld. Ooh. That's a crazy fight. And they're in,
I think they're in New Zealand, right? Yep. Woo. Yeah, dude,
there there's a bunch of killers in that camp, but they would have to have a,
they would've to formulate a game plan. They would've to say, okay, what,
what weight is the right weight? Is it you too big at two 30?
Cuz you'd be two 20 is two 20. Are you faster?
Like when you have the most cardio, when, what,
what's the point of diminishing returns? Just like I paid,
I think with like my example with CA is probably not the best example,
but I still to this day think of him as like probably one of the greatest
talents of heavyweight divisions. That that's a great example. There's two 40,
it's a great example in his weight,
but I don't think he ever concentrated on it. I think he was just like that.
He just went at it, just, just trained real hard and was two 40,
but like a two 40 an example, 2 38, but like, okay.
Like here's one like Marlon rise, like Marlon rise. When he went to, uh,
when he fought 1 35 against a judo and faded the next fight, he came in lighter.
Like there, you know, American top teams like, listen, let's let's,
let's bring your body weight down a little bit.
Let's figure out what's the right formula here.
And that's why a big camp that has a lot of experience in world title fights and
knows like seeing so many different fights. Huge.
It's so important because they can look at you. They go, Brian,
I don't see you as a 70. I see you as a 55.
I think we gotta get in nutrition order. Like what they've done,
like think about what what's what's happened with all just with the introduction
of a nutritionist, 1 35.
He used to have trouble with 45.
Legitimately made 35 and looked like a beast and took big shots
from some people thought he won the fight. I thought he won the fight. Yeah.
That's fair. I thought he won the fight. He was no argument. It was close it.
See both both ways. But I.
Yeah, but dude, that's,
that's all about optimizing all your possibilities, you know?
And then there's guys like John Jones who don't have to do that. That's.
He's so yeah. I just want him to get a heavyweight.
I just want him to get a heavyweight cause he'll get up for it.
Can you imagine that the trailer for him for steep a then him versus Francis
and Ghana, him and Francis I'll think they announce that fight. Frank.
You just.
Wonder though about his brothers being Allstar in the.
NFL. Hold on. When you say his brother,
I think was second the league and sat Taylor.
Jones. Think about that now, brother.
And would you say his brothers are better athletes than John in one way or
another? Or is it no. Can't say.
That when it, when it comes to what the NFL requires.
Look at much bigger. His other brother is like a Chandler and this Arthur. Now,
if.
If that the one, the one on the rights, the pro baller, he's an beast in.
The NFL. If that guy's training, he might be the only guy who can beat.
John Johnson. 6, 5, 2 60. He ain't making 2 0 5 son. Oh no.
He's not that dude's huge. Jesus, God, but that's phenomenal. But.
John, John, those guys.
Brother that's the big thing is that they grew up beating each other's asses.
I guess that's.
What John's used to. Yeah. And then the, the one on the left,
who's a tackle on the NFL. I think he's still in it, but he, uh,
would come in for John's camps and a whole John down. He would, yeah. Geez.
He would train with John. Oh, he did great.
Guy. He's enormous. Yeah. There's video and pictures of uh, Arthur.
Arthur training with John. He's so big. Look how big he wide hips. Oh my God.
He's 300 plus. Yeah. Yeah. It's a big fell anyway. Um,
so it's a great gene pool he's coming from. And you know, I,
I have this about guys who grow up with brothers that beat their asses,
like Matt Hughes, one of the greatest we weights of all time.
One of the things about him is he had a twin brother. That was exactly him.
Doesn't Aswin have a twin brother. I don't know. But Matt, I don't think so.
Matt and Mark Hughes used to beat the out each other. He does, you know,
check out.
I think Ben ASIN.
Has a twin brother.
You ever see Joe lows on and his brother beating the of each other at a, at a,
like a family picnic, the DS brothers too.
They have an MMA fight in the grass at a family picnic. What? Yeah.
Family picnic. They're they're all hanging out in the backyard of a house,
all the families around with red cups, their hand drinking beer. And,
and these guys are beaten, scraping out of each other. Yeah. My.
Brother had to go see a therapist. He'd beat me up. So.
I'm sorry. I never met. And max aspirin and not twins. Definitely not twins.
Definitely not twins. No. Oops. Yeah.
It's like that thing about brothers. It's it's,
that's one of the ways to make tougher people. Yep.
Cause you don't get an escape every day.
That big right next to you and you're like. And you have to learn like, um,
uh, Chris Whiteman, same thing as him, when he was younger, they did a really.
Interesting study about the fastest people in the world.
All were like either the youngest or secular. Let me guess. They're black.
Large families. Yeah.
And they had to keep up with their older brothers and the sisters.
There's there's some, that's a little bit of sign, but that is.
Written up in the book. I think it's it's outliers sports Jean or outliers.
I think it's in outliers. Yeah. It's in one of those. Yeah.
Would examine why people are hyper successful. That'd be a good.
Name for a podcast, bro science where A's out there,
Carlan car blanche to talk about. And you don't have to be an expert on it.
And that's what we.
Anyway, besides Joe, all of us. Yeah. That's what we do. But.
If you call it bro science, then you have a free pass.
Yeah, dude, I do it too. I don't know half what I'm talking about.
If you like looked at it on a chart, how much of what I'm saying?
Do I actually know what I'm talking about? Yeah.
But that's the difference is you'll ask questions <laugh> yeah,
but that's ask them questions. We just, yeah,